SAS-Windows.txt

	Although many of the programs here were originally written for use on a
VM mainframe, they have been modified for use on SAS for Windows.  Here are some
tips for using them:


	1.  If the program file includes the data, you may be able to bring the 
program into SAS simply by double clicking on its name at 
http://core.ecu.edu/psyc/wuenschk/SAS/SAS-Programs.htm and then telling your 
browser to open the file rather than save it to disk.  You may, however, have 
your antivirus program set up not to allow you to open it, in which case you 
have to save the program to disk first and then bring it into SAS.

	2.  From disk, you should be able to bring it into SAS simply by double 
clicking on its name or icon in a Windows Explorer or My Computer window , or 
you can open it from within SAS via the File, Open command.  You can also bring 
it to any text editor, edit it, and copy and paste it into the SAS editor 
window.

	3.  If the data are not within the program, you must first download the 
data file onto your hard drive or diskette.  Then you will need to edit the 
INFILE statement so that it points to the location of the data file on your 
computer.  I may have it pointing at the D:\core\StatData directory on my office 
computer or the C:\StatData directory on my home computer.  You can do this 
editing within SAS, or, if you prefer, in any text processor, such as Word.  You 
can then cut and paste the edited file into the program editor of SAS or you can 
just save it (as plain text) and then bring the edited file into SAS.

	4.  Some of the programs here may still be "under construction."

	6.  Once the edited program file is in SAS, just click the running man to 
run the program.

	7.  If you want to edit the OUTPUT prior to printing it, you can save 
the output from SAS, bring it into Word, and edit it there.  You may not want to 
print all of the output, you may want to annotate it, you may want to put page 
breaks in places other than SAS did, etc.


Karl L. Wuensch
3. September 2000

